Updates to Service Invocation and State Management (#822)
dapr/docs: concepts/service-invocation/README.md

* How do I call other services securely?
* How do I handle retries and transient errors?
* How do I use distributed tracing to see a call graph to diagnose issues in production?

Dapr allows you to overcome these challenges by providing an endpoint that acts as a combination of a reverse proxy with built-in service discovery, while leveraging built-in distributed tracing, metrics, error handling and more.

Dapr uses a sidecar, decentralized architecture. To invoke an application using Dapr, you use the `invoke` API on any Dapr instance. The sidecar programming model encourages each applications to talk to its own instance of Dapr. The Dapr instances discover and communicate with one another.

The diagram below is an overview of how Dapr's service invocation works.

![Service Invocation Diagram](../../images/service-invocation.png)

1. Service A makes an http/gRPC call meant for Service B.  The call goes to the local Dapr sidecar.  
2. Dapr discovers Service B's location using the [name resolution component](https://github.com/dapr/components-contrib/tree/master/nameresolution) installed for the given hosting platform.
3. Dapr forwards the message to Service B's Dapr sidecar 

>     * Note: All calls between Dapr sidecars go over gRPC for performance. Only calls from services to Dapr sidecars are either HTTP or gRPC

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * Note: All calls between Dapr sidecars go over gRPC for performance. Only calls between services and Dapr sidecars are either HTTP or gRPC
```

> 4. Service B's Dapr sidecar forwards the request to the specified endpoint (or method) on Service B.  Service B the runs its business logic code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Service B's Dapr sidecar forwards the request to the specified endpoint (or method) on Service B.  Service B then runs its business logic code.
```

Service invocation supports calls across namespaces. On all supported hosting platforms, Dapr app IDs conform to a valid FQDN format that includes the target namespace. 

For example, the following string contains the app ID `nodeapp` in addition to the namespace the app runs in `production`.

```
localhost:3500/v1.0/invoke/nodeapp.production/method/neworder
```

This is especially useful in cross namespace calls in a Kubernetes cluster. Watch this [video](https://youtu.be/LYYV_jouEuA?t=495) for a demo on how to use namespaces with service invocation.

### Retries
Service invocation performs automatic retries with backoff time periods in the event of call failures and transient errors. 

### Service-to-service security
All calls between Dapr applications can be made secure with mutual (mTLS) authentication on hosted platforms, including automatic certificate rollover, via the Dapr Sentry service. The diagram below shows this for self hosted applications.

For more information read the [service-to-service security](../security#mtls-self-hosted) article.

![Self Hosted service to service security](../../images/security-mTLS-sentry-selfhosted.png)

### Service access security

> Applications can control which other applications are allowed to call them and what they are authorized to do via access policies. This enables you to restrict sensitive applications, that say have personnel information, from being accessed by unauthorized applications and, combined with service-to-service secure communication, provides for soft multi-tenancy deployments.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Applications can control which other applications are allowed to call them and what they are authorized to do via access policies. This enables you to restrict sensitive applications, that say have personnel information, from being accessed by unauthorized applications, and combined with service-to-service secure communication, provides for soft multi-tenancy deployments.
```
